add js-waku encryption guide (#145)
waku-org/docs.waku.org: docs/guides/js-waku/message-encryption.md

const ECIESEncoder = createECIESEncoder({
	contentTopic: contentTopic, // message content topic
	publicKey: publicKey, // ECIES public key for encrypting messages
	sigPrivKey: sigPrivKey, // private key for signing messages before encryption
});

// Send and receive your messages as usual with Light Push and Filter
await subscription.subscribe([symmetricEncoder], callback);
await node.lightPush.send(symmetricEncoder, { payload });

await subscription.subscribe([ECIESEncoder], callback);
await node.lightPush.send(ECIESEncoder, { payload });
```

You can extract the `signature` and its public key (`signaturePublicKey`) from the [DecodedMessage](https://js.waku.org/classes/_waku_message_encryption.DecodedMessage.html) and compare it with the expected public key to verify the message:

```js
// Generate a random private key for signing messages
const sigPrivKey = generatePrivateKey();

// Generate a public key from the private key for verifying signatures
const sigPubKey = getPublicKey(sigPrivKey);

// Create an encoder that signs messages
const encoder = createEncoder({
	contentTopic: contentTopic,
	symKey: symKey,
	sigPrivKey: sigPrivKey,

> });

Reviewer: I think for this example to talk to the reader, we need to introduce Alice/Bob or local/remote.

Author: ![Screenshot 2023-12-08 at 13 43 54](https://github.com/waku-org/docs.waku.org/assets/47832826/4b98d264-7851-49c0-b2f3-a3d07ecb46b0)

went with the Alice/Bob reference

// Modify the callback function to verify message signature
const callback = (wakuMessage) => {
	// Extract the message signature and public key of the signature
	const signature = wakuMessage.signature;
	const signaturePublicKey = wakuMessage.signaturePublicKey;

	// Compare the public key of the message signature with the sender's own
	if (JSON.stringify(signaturePublicKey) === JSON.stringify(sigPubKey)) {
		console.log("This message was correctly signed");
	} else {
		console.log("This message has an incorrect signature");
	}
};
```

> ## Restoring encryption keys

Reviewer: I am not sure this is necessary//useful.

However, do feel free to use https://github.com/waku-org/js-waku-examples/tree/master/examples/eth-pm/src/key_pair_handling as an example on how to save/restore key information from local storage using proper security (Subtle Crypto)

Author: I've added the `key_pair_handling` example, but I still think the `bytesToHex` and `hexToBytes` examples are helpful for some key exporting use cases. Let me know what you think about the update

import { generatePrivateKey } from "@waku/message-encryption";
import { createEncoder } from "@waku/message-encryption/symmetric";

// Generate a random private key for signing messages
// For this example, we'll call the receiver of the message Bob
const bobPrivateKey = generatePrivateKey();

// Create an encoder that signs messages
const encoder = createEncoder({
	contentTopic: contentTopic,
	symKey: symmetricKey,
	sigPrivKey: bobPrivateKey,
});

// Modify the callback function to verify message signature
const callback = (wakuMessage) => {
	// Extract the message signature and public key of the signature
	// You can compare the signaturePublicKey with Alice public key
	const signature = wakuMessage.signature;
	const signaturePublicKey = wakuMessage.signaturePublicKey;

	// Verify the message was actually signed and sent by Alice
	// Alice's public key can be gotten from broadcasting or out-of-band methods
	if (wakuMessage.verifySignature(alicePublicKey)) {
		console.log("This message was signed by Alice");
	} else {
		console.log("This message was NOT signed by Alice");
	}
};

await subscription.subscribe([encoder], callback);
```

## Storing encryption keys

> We used randomly generated keys for encryption and message signing in the provided examples, but real-world applications require consistent keys among clients. Have a look at the [Key Pair Handling](https://github.com/waku-org/js-waku-examples/tree/master/examples/eth-pm/src/key_pair_handling) example, which demonstrates the secure storage and retrieval of key information from local storage using [Subtle Crypto](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We used randomly generated keys for encryption and message signing in the provided examples, but real-world applications require consistent keys among client restarts. Have a look at the [Key Pair Handling](https://github.com/waku-org/js-waku-examples/tree/master/examples/eth-pm/src/key_pair_handling) example, which demonstrates the secure storage and retrieval of key information from local storage using [Subtle Crypto](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto).
```

> You can also use the [@waku/utils](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@waku/utils) package to store keys in hexadecimal format:

Author: I think that's a great suggestion, I've implemented it 👍
